README.md, before:

# Files

## SCCM / MECM Misc Scripts
 - **CI-JavaExceptionSites.ps1**
 The following STIG may be applied to your enterprise, preventing your users from adding Java site exceptions to their local java clients to run unsigned Java code.  https://www.stigviewer.com/stig/java_runtime_environment_jre_version_7_windows_7/2015-12-10/finding/V-32828
 This script ensures the website is in each machine's local Java Exception sites. PLEASE avoid using this method if at all possible.  It can open your company up to MITM attacks with malicious code injection.  If your developers are unable to sign their Java code, or the vendor cannot sign their code then this CI can be deployed to the Desktops that require access to the Java site.  The intention of this script should only be to temporarily allow access while a better solution is developed.
 Another alternative may be to package these applications into remote sandboxes such as Citrix or Azure Virtual Desktop.  Or, to package a portable JAR file with the Java Application deployment (See Java below for an example application for this method).

 - **OneDriveAvailableOffline.ps1**
Some users wish to have their onedrive file available offline always.  They may travel often, or commonly not have access to the internet.  You may have a group you wish to force these settings to, so the users will not need to encounter the issue of being in a spot without their files downloaded.  This script was drafted and partially tested.  Additional functionality will need to be added to have a successful deployment of this.

 - **SCCM-PullWinPEImagingLogs**
 Useful if your environment utilizes WinPE environment for Imaging Desktops.  This captures logfiles from both the pre-and post-imaging states to ensure you get full coverage when troubleshooting issues with imaging completion.  You can then utilize grep or Select-String in powershell to find keywords or error messages related to your issue.

 - **RCAScanner-DLP38Citrix**
 Template to scan application versions on all machines to identify RCA.  This could be modified for other applications you suspect may conflict with each other to identify trends between Healthy and Unhealthy machines.  In this case users were reporting issues with attached USB Devices.  This will scan all attached USB devices and look for a specific error state (Code 38).  We suspected a conflict between Citrix and McAfee after taking a look at Installed Applications versions manually.  We needed to extend this to all machines that could have USB issues before they became a problem for the help desk.  The root cause from this script was detected to be an error between a specific version of Citrix Receiver, and McAfee DLP on a specific Hardware model.  In the short term, the Citrix Version was updated on those models before the Help Desk was consumed with service calls.  In the long term, both clients were updated.

- **Misc**
Sigmaplot Licensing Path: C:\ProgramData\SafeNet Sentinel\Sentinel LDK
Setting Outlook presence indicator to teams(alternatives Lync, Cisco Jabber, Zoom): ```new-itemproperty -path "HKCU:SOFTWARE\IM Providers" -name "DefaultIMApp" -propertytype String -value "Teams" -force```

## Windows Operations
### For Windows Server/Desktop Administrators, Tier 2 Help desk, Root Cause Analysis, etc

 - **FlexLM.ps1**
 This script assists with automating migration of the local client license configuration files for various licensing software.  It allows you to paste in a list of machines and will iterate through them to replace the licensing files.  It requires a fileshare to copy the new files from.  It also partially documents how to build a remote monitoring service to ensure that the health of the service is maintained.

 - **InstalledAppCondition.ps1**
 When executing, it will detect if the client has an application installed, and take an action if it is not.  This can become useful if your enterprise has decided it will not automatically deploy a specific piece of software, and the users must manually install it themselves.  In this example, it detects Citrix Workstation, and if it's not installed, will instruct and take the user to the SCCM Software Center to be installed by self service.  Once the dependency is installed, the application will launch internet explorer, and take the user to the Citrix Storefront page.  This automates some of the user instruction, easing some burden on the help desk.  

 - **KeepAlive.ps1**
A technician keeps getting logged out of their remote session while installing an application that takes a very long time to complete (hours).  Application owners have not invested in developing a silent installer distributed by the enterprise.  Disconnect and Logout policies exist for inactivity that the technician cannot modify.  The installation process does not count as user activity.  Technician must attend to the machine manually, and remember to make some kind of activity on the remote session once every 14 mins while waiting.  This can often result in logged out sessions, requiring the installers to restart from the beginning.  This wastes time and negatively effects the teams KPIs.  Running this script on the remote machine allows the technician to ignore the machine during the install process, and is able to start on another customer simultaneously.  This greatly increases the effectiveness of their team.

 - **PsExec-SCCMRemoteInstall.ps1**
 I would recommend looking into Ansible for standardizing operations automation tasks like this. Specifically for SCCM, utilize the builtin tools unless attempts have already failed.  You may have a use case needing to quickly resolve a software deployment project without as much oversight needed.  This is specific to installing SCCM Client on remote machines without having to RDP into each machine.  However, the batch files executed could be swapped out to remotely deploy with PsExec on any other silently installed applications.  The only dependencies assume you have PSEXEC.exe already downloaded to the current working directory, you are an administrator on the remote machines, and policy allows PSEXEC to run.  Modern threat agents may assume suspicious behavior from PSEXEC, so utilizing your enterprise standard remote deployment tools is recommended.

- **RecentlyInstalledSoftware.ps1**
Can be used to determine the latest changes on a PC (installed software, or updates).  This is useful when performing RCA, determining what might have caused recent issues on machines reporting common issues.

- **RegistryPOLfix.ps1**
Suspecting that registry.pol file corruption causes the following issues.  This script makes an attempt to gather data from suspected endpoints and identify trends.  It will also remediate so the problem should not persist.  This was an issue documented on many forums effecting Windows 10.  I'm not sure if this persisted with Windows 11 as my role transitioned away from this type of activity.  -Bitlocker will not properly install MBAM & Encrypt (FVE registry key error), -Slow boot times (GPO apply times extended), -certs not being received (Domain trust is lost), -improve long term SCCM client health (Patch compliance may suffer). Alternative CMPivot Query:    ```File('C:\Windows\System32\GroupPolicy\Machine\Registry.pol') | project Device, FileName, Size, LastWriteTime```

- **ScheduledTask.ps1**
This is ideal for running administrative tasks or maintenance scripts that need to be executed immediately without manual intervention. For example, applying configuration changes, collecting logs, or running diagnostics.  The task can be remotely scheduled, and executed at a time specified.  In this example a 60 second timer is initiated for immediate deployment.  It is particularly useful for one-time or ad hoc tasks that do not need a permanent presence in Task Scheduler. This approach minimizes long-term overhead and avoids clutter.
After execution, the script removes the scheduled task, maintaining a clean and secure system state. This is particularly valuable in scenarios where automation scripts are used for troubleshooting or quick fixes, and there’s no need to retain the scheduled task after execution.

- **UserStandardizeShortcut.ps1**
This will cleanup user generated, or other non-standard managed shortcuts from every users desktop on each machine.  It will also remove any shortcuts set to generate on new users first login.  After cleanup it will upload the enterprise managed shortcut to the Public profile, so each user on the machine will have a managed standard shortcut.  This can help eliminate confusion in the help desk by standardizing managed application access.

- **x64x86pathfailover.ps1**
Detect if a specified program is x64 installed.  Prioritize that path.  But, if it does not exist, failover to the x86 path.  The example uses chrome browser.

 - **Misc**
 Get Health of machines Registry.pol to detect for potential compliance health issues
 ```(Get-Content -Encoding Byte -Path \\$hostname\c$\Windows\System32\GroupPolicy\Machine\Registry.pol -TotalCount 4)```

 robocopy commands to sync folders
 ```robocopy "$Source\$user" "$dest\$user" /E /Z /W:2 /R:30 /fft /MT:10 /LOG+:D:\RoboCopy.log```
 Audit
 ```robocopy "$Source\$user" "$dest\$user"  /e /l /ns /njs /njh /ndl /fp /LOG+:D:\RoboCopyAudit.log```


## InfoSec
- **LastActivityCheck.ps1**
Run a timer that resets when keyboard or mouse input is detected.  Hunt for stealthy mouse jigglers, or scroll lock spammers built in to conference kiosks.  Additionally, continuous logging could be built into this as a persistent service to detect if there is a consistent activity on a schedule.  
Ex: the mouse jiggles every 3m.  You will be able to see history of device activity every 3m.
https://www.stigviewer.com/stig/microsoft_windows_11/2022-06-24/finding/V-253297

- **ServicesStopDisableReport.ps1**
 Stop a Service, Disable the Service, and then report to confirm it's status.  In this example, the printer spooler is used.
https://www.cisa.gov/news-events/alerts/2021/06/30/printnightmare-critical-windows-print-spooler-vulnerability

- **UserLoginUptime.ps1**
Runs during the users logged in session.  It will continue to count time as soon as it starts.  This can be useful when testing or troubleshooting the session logoff policy delay in remote sessions.  
Ex: the session may disconnect, but leave the user logged in.  After re-establishing the connection, you can detect the time the session was idle, disconnected without having been logged out.
https://www.stigviewer.com/stig/windows_server_2012_2012_r2_member_server/2015-06-26/finding/V-3458

# Active Directory

Some of the functions used in scripts have been broken down here in the readme to not get too specific about how you want to gather input or export results.
This can be useful when generating phased test rings in a staged software deployment strategy.

-Get-ADUser
Get users that contain a specific physical office designation.  
```get-aduser -LDAPFilter "(physicaldeliveryofficename=CONTOSO/SITE/DIV/OFFICE)" | select GivenName, Surname, SamAccountName```

-Get-ADComputer
Get computers in AD that match a particular OU property.
```(Get-ADComputer $hostname | where {$.DistingushedName -match "Accounting"}).DistinguishedName```

-Get-ADGroupMember 
Get users that are a member of a specific AD Group:
```(Get-ADGroupMember -Identity "Contoso CustSupport").name```

-Get-ADOrganizationalUnit
Get computers in AD that match an exact OU path
```$list = (Get-ADOrganizationalUnit -SearchBase "ou=exempt,ou=instruments,dc=rcautomate,dc=com" -Filter *).DistinguishedName```
select only the objects that are enabled
``` foreach ($pc in $list) {$advlist = += (get-adcomputer -Searchbase "$pc" -Properties -Name -Filter * | Where-Object {$_.Enabled -eq $true}).Name}```
sort and dedupe
``` $advlist | Sort-Object | Select-Object -Unique```

 - **Compare-UserFolder-ADHomepath.ps1**
 Uses: Compliance: Ensure user directories are correctly provisioned and de-provisioned according to AD.
Cleanup: Identify and potentially delete orphaned directories to save storage.
Troubleshooting: Detect misconfigured or missing homedirectory entries in AD for users who might be experiencing access issues.

# Powershell Generic Functions
## Intake Data from csv that contains a header
```$computers = Import-Csv C:\Users\RCurtis\Documents\icd.csv -Header HN; foreach ($item in $computers.Hostname){}```

# Crypto

## Burstcoin (dead)
- **burstcoin-filename-textfile.ps1** 
    List the filenames in each drive, and output them to a text file.

## Veriblock (unlisted)

- **Veriblock PoolList**
Maintain a list of currently mined pools. (archived)
https://gist.github.com/gsxryan/c8de9faf79a7f29bb96d925702096023

- **Pinger-Veriblock-Pools.ps1**
Ping the Performance of the current PoolList for Veriblock Pools.  First uses ICMP, and uses Web Port if ICMP is unavailable. (invoke-webrequest)

- **Migrate-NodeCore.ps1**
Write a NodeCore migrations script (Windows)
Copies Nodecore wallet, PoP files, blockchain to latest version
Instead of migrating-we copy- rather than delete older sensitive data

- **Install-NodeCore.ps1**
Install NodeCore in the most automated fashion.  (windows)
Checks to see if the prerequisites are met (Java), downloads, installs, and launches nodecore.

# Gaming

Commit message:

Scrape User Mapped Network drives

README.md, after:

# Files

## SCCM / MECM Misc Scripts
 - **CI-JavaExceptionSites.ps1**
 The following STIG may be applied to your enterprise, preventing your users from adding Java site exceptions to their local java clients to run unsigned Java code.  https://www.stigviewer.com/stig/java_runtime_environment_jre_version_7_windows_7/2015-12-10/finding/V-32828
 This script ensures the website is in each machine's local Java Exception sites. PLEASE avoid using this method if at all possible.  It can open your company up to MITM attacks with malicious code injection.  If your developers are unable to sign their Java code, or the vendor cannot sign their code then this CI can be deployed to the Desktops that require access to the Java site.  The intention of this script should only be to temporarily allow access while a better solution is developed.
 Another alternative may be to package these applications into remote sandboxes such as Citrix or Azure Virtual Desktop.  Or, to package a portable JAR file with the Java Application deployment (See Java below for an example application for this method).

 - **MappedNetDriveScraper.ps1**
 This script will run in the user context to dump all mapped network drives.  This can be useful when planning a user profile migration or determining which file servers are still in use.  A DEV item was left to use NT*.dat file to utilize an admin account to search all machine profiles mapped drives, but the project I worked on did not need to utilize this extent yet.
 
 - **OneDriveAvailableOffline.ps1**
Some users wish to have their onedrive file available offline always.  They may travel often, or commonly not have access to the internet.  You may have a group you wish to force these settings to, so the users will not need to encounter the issue of being in a spot without their files downloaded.  This script was drafted and partially tested.  Additional functionality will need to be added to have a successful deployment of this.

 - **SCCM-PullWinPEImagingLogs**
 Useful if your environment utilizes WinPE environment for Imaging Desktops.  This captures logfiles from both the pre-and post-imaging states to ensure you get full coverage when troubleshooting issues with imaging completion.  You can then utilize grep or Select-String in powershell to find keywords or error messages related to your issue.

 - **RCAScanner-DLP38Citrix**
 Template to scan application versions on all machines to identify RCA.  This could be modified for other applications you suspect may conflict with each other to identify trends between Healthy and Unhealthy machines.  In this case users were reporting issues with attached USB Devices.  This will scan all attached USB devices and look for a specific error state (Code 38).  We suspected a conflict between Citrix and McAfee after taking a look at Installed Applications versions manually.  We needed to extend this to all machines that could have USB issues before they became a problem for the help desk.  The root cause from this script was detected to be an error between a specific version of Citrix Receiver, and McAfee DLP on a specific Hardware model.  In the short term, the Citrix Version was updated on those models before the Help Desk was consumed with service calls.  In the long term, both clients were updated.

- **Misc**
Sigmaplot Licensing Path: C:\ProgramData\SafeNet Sentinel\Sentinel LDK
Setting Outlook presence indicator to teams(alternatives Lync, Cisco Jabber, Zoom): ```new-itemproperty -path "HKCU:SOFTWARE\IM Providers" -name "DefaultIMApp" -propertytype String -value "Teams" -force```

## Windows Operations
### For Windows Server/Desktop Administrators, Tier 2 Help desk, Root Cause Analysis, etc

 - **FlexLM.ps1**
 This script assists with automating migration of the local client license configuration files for various licensing software.  It allows you to paste in a list of machines and will iterate through them to replace the licensing files.  It requires a fileshare to copy the new files from.  It also partially documents how to build a remote monitoring service to ensure that the health of the service is maintained.

 - **InstalledAppCondition.ps1**
 When executing, it will detect if the client has an application installed, and take an action if it is not.  This can become useful if your enterprise has decided it will not automatically deploy a specific piece of software, and the users must manually install it themselves.  In this example, it detects Citrix Workstation, and if it's not installed, will instruct and take the user to the SCCM Software Center to be installed by self service.  Once the dependency is installed, the application will launch internet explorer, and take the user to the Citrix Storefront page.  This automates some of the user instruction, easing some burden on the help desk.  

 - **KeepAlive.ps1**
A technician keeps getting logged out of their remote session while installing an application that takes a very long time to complete (hours).  Application owners have not invested in developing a silent installer distributed by the enterprise.  Disconnect and Logout policies exist for inactivity that the technician cannot modify.  The installation process does not count as user activity.  Technician must attend to the machine manually, and remember to make some kind of activity on the remote session once every 14 mins while waiting.  This can often result in logged out sessions, requiring the installers to restart from the beginning.  This wastes time and negatively effects the teams KPIs.  Running this script on the remote machine allows the technician to ignore the machine during the install process, and is able to start on another customer simultaneously.  This greatly increases the effectiveness of their team.

 - **PsExec-SCCMRemoteInstall.ps1**
 I would recommend looking into Ansible for standardizing operations automation tasks like this. Specifically for SCCM, utilize the builtin tools unless attempts have already failed.  You may have a use case needing to quickly resolve a software deployment project without as much oversight needed.  This is specific to installing SCCM Client on remote machines without having to RDP into each machine.  However, the batch files executed could be swapped out to remotely deploy with PsExec on any other silently installed applications.  The only dependencies assume you have PSEXEC.exe already downloaded to the current working directory, you are an administrator on the remote machines, and policy allows PSEXEC to run.  Modern threat agents may assume suspicious behavior from PSEXEC, so utilizing your enterprise standard remote deployment tools is recommended.

- **RecentlyInstalledSoftware.ps1**
Can be used to determine the latest changes on a PC (installed software, or updates).  This is useful when performing RCA, determining what might have caused recent issues on machines reporting common issues.

- **RegistryPOLfix.ps1**
Suspecting that registry.pol file corruption causes the following issues.  This script makes an attempt to gather data from suspected endpoints and identify trends.  It will also remediate so the problem should not persist.  This was an issue documented on many forums effecting Windows 10.  I'm not sure if this persisted with Windows 11 as my role transitioned away from this type of activity.  -Bitlocker will not properly install MBAM & Encrypt (FVE registry key error), -Slow boot times (GPO apply times extended), -certs not being received (Domain trust is lost), -improve long term SCCM client health (Patch compliance may suffer). Alternative CMPivot Query:    ```File('C:\Windows\System32\GroupPolicy\Machine\Registry.pol') | project Device, FileName, Size, LastWriteTime```

- **ScheduledTask.ps1**
This is ideal for running administrative tasks or maintenance scripts that need to be executed immediately without manual intervention. For example, applying configuration changes, collecting logs, or running diagnostics.  The task can be remotely scheduled, and executed at a time specified.  In this example a 60 second timer is initiated for immediate deployment.  It is particularly useful for one-time or ad hoc tasks that do not need a permanent presence in Task Scheduler. This approach minimizes long-term overhead and avoids clutter.
After execution, the script removes the scheduled task, maintaining a clean and secure system state. This is particularly valuable in scenarios where automation scripts are used for troubleshooting or quick fixes, and there’s no need to retain the scheduled task after execution.

- **UserStandardizeShortcut.ps1**
This will cleanup user generated, or other non-standard managed shortcuts from every users desktop on each machine.  It will also remove any shortcuts set to generate on new users first login.  After cleanup it will upload the enterprise managed shortcut to the Public profile, so each user on the machine will have a managed standard shortcut.  This can help eliminate confusion in the help desk by standardizing managed application access.

- **x64x86pathfailover.ps1**
Detect if a specified program is x64 installed.  Prioritize that path.  But, if it does not exist, failover to the x86 path.  The example uses chrome browser.

 - **Misc**
 Get Health of machines Registry.pol to detect for potential compliance health issues
 ```(Get-Content -Encoding Byte -Path \\$hostname\c$\Windows\System32\GroupPolicy\Machine\Registry.pol -TotalCount 4)```

 robocopy commands to sync folders
 ```robocopy "$Source\$user" "$dest\$user" /E /Z /W:2 /R:30 /fft /MT:10 /LOG+:D:\RoboCopy.log```
 Audit
 ```robocopy "$Source\$user" "$dest\$user"  /e /l /ns /njs /njh /ndl /fp /LOG+:D:\RoboCopyAudit.log```


## InfoSec
- **LastActivityCheck.ps1**
Run a timer that resets when keyboard or mouse input is detected.  Hunt for stealthy mouse jigglers, or scroll lock spammers built in to conference kiosks.  Additionally, continuous logging could be built into this as a persistent service to detect if there is a consistent activity on a schedule.  
Ex: the mouse jiggles every 3m.  You will be able to see history of device activity every 3m.
https://www.stigviewer.com/stig/microsoft_windows_11/2022-06-24/finding/V-253297

- **ServicesStopDisableReport.ps1**
 Stop a Service, Disable the Service, and then report to confirm it's status.  In this example, the printer spooler is used.
https://www.cisa.gov/news-events/alerts/2021/06/30/printnightmare-critical-windows-print-spooler-vulnerability

- **UserLoginUptime.ps1**
Runs during the users logged in session.  It will continue to count time as soon as it starts.  This can be useful when testing or troubleshooting the session logoff policy delay in remote sessions.  
Ex: the session may disconnect, but leave the user logged in.  After re-establishing the connection, you can detect the time the session was idle, disconnected without having been logged out.
https://www.stigviewer.com/stig/windows_server_2012_2012_r2_member_server/2015-06-26/finding/V-3458

# Active Directory

Some of the functions used in scripts have been broken down here in the readme to not get too specific about how you want to gather input or export results.
This can be useful when generating phased test rings in a staged software deployment strategy.

-Get-ADUser
Get users that contain a specific physical office designation.  
```get-aduser -LDAPFilter "(physicaldeliveryofficename=CONTOSO/SITE/DIV/OFFICE)" | select GivenName, Surname, SamAccountName```

-Get-ADComputer
Get computers in AD that match a particular OU property.
```(Get-ADComputer $hostname | where {$.DistingushedName -match "Accounting"}).DistinguishedName```

-Get-ADGroupMember 
Get users that are a member of a specific AD Group:
```(Get-ADGroupMember -Identity "Contoso CustSupport").name```

-Get-ADOrganizationalUnit
Get computers in AD that match an exact OU path
```$list = (Get-ADOrganizationalUnit -SearchBase "ou=exempt,ou=instruments,dc=rcautomate,dc=com" -Filter *).DistinguishedName```
select only the objects that are enabled
``` foreach ($pc in $list) {$advlist = += (get-adcomputer -Searchbase "$pc" -Properties -Name -Filter * | Where-Object {$_.Enabled -eq $true}).Name}```
sort and dedupe
``` $advlist | Sort-Object | Select-Object -Unique```

 - **Compare-UserFolder-ADHomepath.ps1**
 Uses: Compliance: Ensure user directories are correctly provisioned and de-provisioned according to AD.
Cleanup: Identify and potentially delete orphaned directories to save storage.
Troubleshooting: Detect misconfigured or missing homedirectory entries in AD for users who might be experiencing access issues.

# Powershell Generic Functions
## Intake Data from csv that contains a header
```$computers = Import-Csv C:\Users\RCurtis\Documents\icd.csv -Header HN; foreach ($item in $computers.Hostname){}```

# Crypto

## Burstcoin (dead)
- **burstcoin-filename-textfile.ps1** 
    List the filenames in each drive, and output them to a text file.

## Veriblock (unlisted)

- **Veriblock PoolList**
Maintain a list of currently mined pools. (archived)
https://gist.github.com/gsxryan/c8de9faf79a7f29bb96d925702096023

- **Pinger-Veriblock-Pools.ps1**
Ping the Performance of the current PoolList for Veriblock Pools.  First uses ICMP, and uses Web Port if ICMP is unavailable. (invoke-webrequest)

- **Migrate-NodeCore.ps1**
Write a NodeCore migrations script (Windows)
Copies Nodecore wallet, PoP files, blockchain to latest version
Instead of migrating-we copy- rather than delete older sensitive data

- **Install-NodeCore.ps1**
Install NodeCore in the most automated fashion.  (windows)
Checks to see if the prerequisites are met (Java), downloads, installs, and launches nodecore.

# Gaming
